feat: add wrapper plugins for Docker > Hako (#778)
Financial-Times/dotcom-tool-kit: plugins/containerised-app-with-assets/readme.md

# dotcom-tool-kit/containerised-app-with-assets

> A bootstrap plugin that provides the minimum required Tool Kit plugins for a containerised application that's deployed to Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS), including building and uploading assets to S3

Reviewer: **nitpick**: this isn't really the minimum required set of plugins now that you're adding some batteries 😝 think it makes sense to differentiate this wrapper a bit from `containerised-app`

```suggestion
A bootstrap plugin that provides the required Tool Kit plugins for a containerised application that's deployed to Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS,) additionally supporting building and uploading assets to S3.
```

  - [`@dotcom-tool-kit/containerised-app`](https://github.com/Financial-Times/dotcom-tool-kit/tree/main/plugins/containerised-app)
  - [`@dotcom-tool-kit/upload-assets-to-s3`](https://github.com/Financial-Times/dotcom-tool-kit/tree/main/plugins/upload-assets-to-s3)
  - [`@dotcom-tool-kit/webpack`](https://github.com/Financial-Times/dotcom-tool-kit/tree/main/plugins/webpack)

> This bootstrap plugin is also preconfigured to run the `Node` task on the hook `run:local`.

Reviewer: **nitpick**: since v4, hooks are the logic to install Tool Kit config into other files, whilst commands are how we bundle tasks together

```suggestion
This bootstrap plugin is also preconfigured to run the `Node` task on the command `run:local`.
```
